UserGithubSearch This project was generated By Agnes Wanjiku

Description This is a simple Angular 7 application that allows you to search github users by entering username or you can also search the repositories of the github users

User Requirements The application allows users to do the following:

being able to search for both GitHub users and GitHub repositories. getting some users information including: profile username following numbers -followers -number of repositories and navigate from view to another view click on the link to be able to see the live project https://agneswanjiku.github.io/GithubSearch/ Development server Run ng serve for a dev server. Navigate to http://localhost:4200/. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

Installation Cloning 'Make sure you have all the Requirements or running angular apps installed such as node,npm, tsc and watchman' 'Clone the project into your machine from ' 'run npm install command to remove json errors' 'Run ng serve for a dev server. Navigate to http://localhost:4200/. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.'

Technology Used Angular JS HTML CSS Bootstrap

Build Run ng build to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the dist/ directory. Use the --prod flag for a production build.

Further help To get more help on the Angular CLI use ng help or go check out the Angular CLI README.

Contributions Pull requests are encouraged.

Contact Details You can contact me at shikonorman@gmail.com

License Copyright (c) [2020] [ Agnes Wanjiku.]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
